Add instruction on how to use a custom runner in project (#304)
quantumblacklabs/kedro: docs/source/04_user_guide/06_pipelines.md

> *Note:* You cannot use both `--parallel` and `--runner` flags at the same time (e.g. `kedro run --parallel --runner=SequentialRunner` raises an exception).

#### Using a custom runner

> If the built-in runners don't meet your requirements, you can define your own runner in your project instead. For example, suppose you want to add a dry runner to list which nodes that would be run as opposed to actually executing them, you can define it as follows (courtesy of [AntonyMilneQB](https://github.com/AntonyMilneQB])):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the built-in runners don't meet your requirements, you can define your own runner in your project instead. For example, you may want to add a dry runner, a runner which lists which nodes would be run instead of executing them. You can define it in the following way (courtesy of [AntonyMilneQB](https://github.com/AntonyMilneQB])):
```

> If the built-in runners don't meet your requirements, you can define your own runner in your project instead. For example, you may want to add a dry runner, a runner which lists which nodes would be run instead of executing them. You can define it in the following way (courtesy of [AntonyMilneQB](https://github.com/AntonyMilneQB])):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the built-in runners do not meet your requirements, you can define your own runner in your project instead. For example, you may want to add a dry runner, a runner which lists which nodes would be run instead of executing them. You can define it in the following way (courtesy of [AntonyMilneQB](https://github.com/AntonyMilneQB])):
```

Reviewer 2: Optional: `(courtesy of [AntonyMilneQB](https://github.com/AntonyMilneQB])` <- do we wanna add his contribution in the release note instead of the docs?

Reviewer 3: +1 for keeping docs clean and putting contributions in release notes :)

> ```python

Reviewer 2: Is the code example linted/blacked/isorted?

Author: Yes. Confirmed black is happy.

> # in your_project/src/your_project/runner.py

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# in <project-name>/src/<package-name>/runner.py
```

from kedro.io import AbstractDataSet, DataCatalog, MemoryDataSet
from kedro.pipeline import Pipeline
from kedro.runner.runner import AbstractRunner

class DryRunner(AbstractRunner):
    """``DryRunner`` is an ``AbstractRunner`` implementation. It can be used to list which
    nodes would be run without actually executing anything.

>     """

Reviewer 3: Happy for you to ignore, but do you think providing an example would be helpful here (e.g to show what the output would look like)?

Reviewer 4: I think this is a good idea to include somewhere. FYI the test output I wrote before looks like this:
```
test_sequential_runner.py F2020-03-18 14:25:30,420 - kedro.runner.dry_runner - INFO - Actual run would execute 5 nodes:
node5: random(None) -> [A]
node3: identity([A]) -> [B]
node4: identity([B]) -> [C]
node2: identity([C]) -> [D]
node1: identity([D]) -> [E]
2020-03-18 14:25:30,421 - kedro.runner.dry_runner - INFO - Pipeline execution completed successfully.
2020-03-18 14:25:30,422 - kedro.io.data_catalog - INFO - Loading data from `E` (MemoryDataSet)...
```

Author: Added

    def create_default_data_set(self, ds_name: str) -> AbstractDataSet:
        """Factory method for creating the default data set for the runner.

>         Args:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

        Args:
```

Reviewer 4: I would actually consider removing the docstring for this method entirely, seeing as the really interesting part of the code is the `_run` method and this just distracts from it. Unless you want to keep it there for passing linting :)

            ds_name: Name of the missing data set
        Returns:
            An instance of an implementation of AbstractDataSet to be used
            for all unregistered data sets.

>         """

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

        """
```

        return MemoryDataSet()

    def _run(self, pipeline: Pipeline, catalog: DataCatalog) -> None:
        """The method implementing dry pipeline running.

>         Args:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

        Args:
```

            pipeline: The ``Pipeline`` to run.
            catalog: The ``DataCatalog`` from which to fetch data.

>         """

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

        """
```

        nodes = pipeline.nodes
        self._logger.info(
            "Actual run would execute %d nodes:\n%s",
            len(nodes),

>             "\n".join(map(str, nodes)),

Reviewer 3: Probably better for this to be explicit anyhow, but I guess this would work without the `str` conversion, right?

Author: No. `join` doesn't work on non-string.

Reviewer 3: Ah yes, you’re right. Thanks!

        )
```

And use it with `kedro run` through the `--runner` flag:

```console

> $ kedro run --runner=src.your_project.runner.DryRunner

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$ kedro run --runner=src.<package-name>.runner.DryRunner
```

> *Note:* You cannot use both `--parallel` and `--runner` flags at the same time (e.g. `kedro run --parallel --runner=SequentialRunner` raises an exception).

#### Using a custom runner

> If the built-in runners do not meet your requirements, you can define your own runner in your project instead. For example, you may want to add a dry runner, a runner which lists which nodes would be run instead of executing them. You can define it in the following way (courtesy of [AntonyMilneQB](https://github.com/AntonyMilneQB])):

Reviewer 4: (just removing "runner")
```suggestion
If the built-in runners do not meet your requirements, you can define your own runner in your project instead. For example, you may want to add a dry runner, which lists which nodes would be run instead of executing them. You can define it in the following way (courtesy of [AntonyMilneQB](https://github.com/AntonyMilneQB])):
```
